# Rust Actix Web Server

This project is a simple web server built with Rust and Actix. It provides a RESTful API for managing tasks and users.

## Data Structures

The project uses two main data structures: `Task` and `User`.

### Task

A `Task` represents a task that a user may need to complete. It has the following fields:

- `id`: A unique identifier for the task. This is automatically generated by the system when a task is created.
- `name`: The name of the task. This is a brief description of what the task involves.
- `completed`: A boolean indicating whether the task has been completed. This is set to `false` when the task is created and can be updated to `true` when the task is completed.

### User

A `User` represents a user of the system. It has the following fields:

- `id`: A unique identifier for the user. This is automatically generated by the system when a user is registered.
- `name`: The name of the user. This is the name that the user chooses when they register.
- `password`: The user's password. This is encrypted for security purposes and is used to authenticate the user when they log in.

## API Endpoints

The server provides the following endpoints:

- `POST /task`: Create a new task
- `GET /task/{id}`: Retrieve a task by its ID
- `GET /tasks`: Retrieve all tasks
- `PUT /task`: Update a task
- `DELETE /task/{id}`: Delete a task by its ID
- `POST /register`: Register a new user
- `POST /login`: Login a user

## Installation

You need to have Rust installed on your machine. If you don't have it installed, you can install it from the [official website](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install).

Clone the repository:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/eludius18/webserver-actix-rust
cd webserver-actix-rust
```

## Usage

To run the server, use the following command:

```sh
cargo build
cargo run
```

## Contributing

Contributions are always welcome!